# Go API client for unityauth

# Introduction
This is the Admin API specification for the Unity Authentication service that allows player authentication.
To use this API, you must first enable it through the Unity Gaming Services dashboard.

For more information about how to set up Service Account Authentication, please read here: https://services.docs.unity.com/docs/service-account-auth

## Rate Limits
The API has rate limiting in place. Request are limited to 10 requests per second, and 500 requests per 30 minute period.

The API responds with a `429` HTTP status code if the rate limit is
exceeded.

It will also respond with a `Retry-After` header to be used in conjunction with a client's retry logic.
The value is the number of seconds until a request for the given player will be accepted.


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import unityauth "github.com/liu1700/unityauth"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), unityauth.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), unityauth.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), unityauth.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), unityauth.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://services.api.unity.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI* | [**DeletePlayer**](docs/PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI.md#deleteplayer) | **Delete** /player-identity/v1/projects/{projectId}/users/{playerId} | Delete Player
*PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI* | [**DisablePlayer**](docs/PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI.md#disableplayer) | **Post** /player-identity/v1/projects/{projectId}/users/{playerId}/disable | Disable Player
*PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI* | [**EnablePlayer**](docs/PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI.md#enableplayer) | **Post** /player-identity/v1/projects/{projectId}/users/{playerId}/enable | Enable Player
*PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI* | [**GetPlayer**](docs/PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI.md#getplayer) | **Get** /player-identity/v1/projects/{projectId}/users/{playerId} | Get Player
*PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI* | [**ListPlayers**](docs/PlayerAuthenticationAdminAPI.md#listplayers) | **Get** /player-identity/v1/projects/{projectId}/users | List Players


## Documentation For Models

 - [PlayerAuthAuthenticationErrorV1](docs/PlayerAuthAuthenticationErrorV1.md)
 - [PlayerAuthAuthorizationErrorV1](docs/PlayerAuthAuthorizationErrorV1.md)
 - [PlayerAuthExternalId](docs/PlayerAuthExternalId.md)
 - [PlayerAuthInternalServerErrorV1](docs/PlayerAuthInternalServerErrorV1.md)
 - [PlayerAuthListProjectUserResponse](docs/PlayerAuthListProjectUserResponse.md)
 - [PlayerAuthListProjectUserResponseExternalId](docs/PlayerAuthListProjectUserResponseExternalId.md)
 - [PlayerAuthListProjectUserResponseUser](docs/PlayerAuthListProjectUserResponseUser.md)
 - [PlayerAuthNotFoundErrorV1](docs/PlayerAuthNotFoundErrorV1.md)
 - [PlayerAuthPlayerProjectResponse](docs/PlayerAuthPlayerProjectResponse.md)
 - [PlayerAuthServiceUnavailableErrorV1](docs/PlayerAuthServiceUnavailableErrorV1.md)
 - [PlayerAuthTooManyRequestsErrorV1](docs/PlayerAuthTooManyRequestsErrorV1.md)
 - [PlayerAuthValidationErrorV1](docs/PlayerAuthValidationErrorV1.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### Admin

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextBasicAuth, sw.BasicAuth{
    UserName: "username",
    Password: "password",
})
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



